Princess, Dong Wen obviously compliments you
Definitely some conspiracy
There was no conspiracy.
The emperor likes to eat the dishes cooked by Zhang Chuniang
It's normal to dine with us
Wait until I cut this dog thing first
Go to Zhang Chuniang to prepare
The princess is not good
Zhang Chuniang was sent to find Commander Wang
There was an accident.
Now unconscious.
What Zhang Chuniang was unconscious?
This
What if I don't go tomorrow?
Dog stuff
Zhang Chuniang, if it weren't for your injury
How come?
Slow down princess
I can cook.
Braised Cantonese Cuisine
Northeast cuisine, especially Sichuan cuisine, I am proficient in everything
Please, princess, give me a chance
What I'm cooking tomorrow
Absolutely let the emperor lick the plate and talk
But
The recent Phoenix has a bad appetite.
You can't eat sweets.
You can't eat salty food.
You can't eat hemp and you can't eat spicy food.
Sour doesn't work either.
Are you sure you can satisfy your parents?
You can always eat something light
Humph
Once upon a time, there was a royal chef
Made a bowl of cooked cabbage with eggs for the emperor
He was beheaded on the spot
drag it down
Oh princess
Please give me a chance
What I'm cooking tomorrow
If the emperor cannot be satisfied
I forbade myself on the spot
Never let you do it
Okay, that's what you said.